Darkbot, Talking Robot - Copyright (c) 1996 Darkbot Project

- To build your Darkbot on Unixes (or cygwin), 
  run the ./build.sh script.

- For full documentation and step by step configuration help,
please check Darkbot's help page at http://darkbot.sourceforge.net

- Read docs/WHATSNEW for added/latest features and changes.
- Read docs/README_UTILS for info on shell utilities and all files in
scripts dir.

- If you are running a Darkbot with version release prior to 7.0
use convertdb to convert your userlist.db to an encrypted password
format.  Users will need to set their passwords on IRC which initial
value would be 0(zero).  convertdb script and all integrated Darkbot
utility scripts are on scripts directory.

- If your bot is stupid, and you want it to know some general
stuff, download pre-made databases from the Darkbot site.  You should be
aware of database mechanics before installing and running any database.

Darkbot should compile and run on a lot of operating systems (OS). 
Please note that the darkbot team is small, most of the time there's
only one developer actively working on it, in their spare time.  So we
can't support every version of every OS under the sun, we just don't
have the time for them all.  Some OS's are free to install, some cost
money, some cost a lot of money.  So, we have to draw the line
somewhere.  The general principle is that we support the oldest stable
release that is still supported by the OS maker from BSD (FreeBSD,
OpenBSD, and Mac OS X), Linux (Debian and Ubuntu), and Windows.  The
assumption is that later versions should be backwards compatible enough. 
Also, it should be easy to get these running on a VM, preferably qemu. 
More Linux varieties might be added, especially RPM based ones.

This program is provided free for non-commercial use only.   Any
commercial use  of this source code or binaries compiled thereof
requires the prior written consent of the project administrator.
Distribution of  modified source code or binaries compiled from
modified source code  for  any platform is expressly  forbidden!
All code patches to be applied to the program are donations to
the project and must remain under this terms and conditions.
No code with copyright statements other than the ones ruled by this
project is accepted unless agreed by all parties in writing.
All Darkbot program  and  information is provided as is  without
warranty of any kind.  In any event shall Darkbot project or any
of it's collaborators be liable for any damages whatsoever.
If you do not agree with the above user disclaimer, please do not
use the program and delete all Darkbot files.

Darkbot is a creation of Jason Hamilton  [ Jason@superlink.net ]
and has been coded by several contributors who donates their
code patches to the project.  Please read file contributors in
docs directory with a list of who makes this program possible.

